Thank you. Following up on what you just talked about, in terms of Vajra pride, would you teach a
little bit about Vajra pride, as well as, oftentimes, there's a lot of emphasis on developing a
healthy sense of self, like, these are my talents, these are my limits, I like hot food, I'm from
this place, there's kind of a healthy sense of me.
So there's kind of an emphasis on how do we care for, like, a healthy me, and at the same time,
really have Vajra pride, like, I am the deity, and just, like, we were just teaching. How do we do
both?
I think, I mean, of course, both are according to the Buddha's teaching, is relative. Relative
truth, relative truth, and relative truth, and absolute truth, there's true truth. But within the
relative truth, there is also truth, truth. One is more purely connected, relative truth.
And one is just mundane, only the functional truth. Functional truth, even though they are not
really existing in reality, that can shift, that can change, change as time grows, as our mind
grows, so that can change upon that.
So it's, like, more relative, like, functioning, communist, or mundane, relative truth. But the
relative truth of the pure relative truth, also known as the pure, yeah, pure relative truth, as it
is, or as it's there, what we're talking now, according to Buddhism, what we're talking now,
everything is a deity,
mantra, and the rest of the mind, that is relative truth, relative truth, but that's not going to
change. It will be as it is. As your realization grows, our wisdom grows, expanding, become more
clay, and more clay, and more clay, that's really not going to change.
So that is known as relative truth, such as realization, and the display of the Buddha's
realization. Buddha sees that everything is in enlightened state. Buddha sees everything is in the
previous qualities, and the Buddha sees all the forms are all enlightened, as I'm directly talking,
that is according to teaching, that's never going to change.
You will see at its is, and that's called violent, violent understanding, and sambhokaya
realization, understanding, so that really no one can change. But what do you, what will be that
nature, what Buddha sees in nature is not something solid, indestructible, unchangeable, that this
is not, it's a sambhokaya display, all that realization displays,
also like magical display, illusion, magical display of the wisdom, but it will be as it is. And
then our day-to-day mind and thought, and what things needed, good, these things, and of course it
has also common groundness, which is good, which is something more practical, more healthy, more
simple, more aligned with the nature.
I think those are definitely very special, and I think very, very good, and I think that can be
changed. I don't want to say we will stay forever, and for example, even the diet of the medicine,
the diet of food, they're explaining so many times, they said, three, four, five years ago, maybe
something is really good, everyone said the doctors recommended all that, and now they say maybe it
's not exactly good.
Maybe it's not exactly good, or they shouldn't, this and that, they're changing that, but however,
it's trying to improve that, that's the common, because we all have, we don't know exactly clearly,
our presumption, and trying to accurately, that is not always complex, do the best to that, so that
is, I think, common thing.
And the regular pride is, this is what we're talking, this 3D is poem, and song, and the mind that
are in the enlightened states. That is reality, according to Buddhism, Buddha teaching, reality
callers, reality nature, it's true, we are, the Buddha nature is totally enlightened, totally
enlightened, it has all the good callers.
And when we visualize as a deity, and when we see that our area as pure land, see, it's not just,
of course, it looks like imagination, but reality is really, as it is true.
So when we really have that kind of realization, when we get the realization, when we have that
confidence, confidence, and as Buddha taught, and then, that is really regular pride.
I pose number, I'm the Vedic light, I'm the Vedic light, we know we want to realize that deity, and
we have that confidence, is the Vedic light, confident, and we don't have the realization of the
Vedic light, that means that our visualization, the confidence is shaking, when we don't have the
confidence, that means the deep zone is the hesitation, or the doubt.
And that is obstacle, according. So when you have the confidence, the reality nature of our Buddha,
our nature of the mind, it really is, is in that waking state, it's truly, so now, we're not caught
in the mundane world, or kind of carry the force of duality, but we return back to the origin state
of our own,
nature of the mind, or the tatagatagarbha, and see ourselves as the Vedic light, or the Buddha, and
remain that confidence, that is known as the regular pride, or that is, that if we don't have that
confidence, then the realization is shaky, even though the meditation is shaky, so therefore, have
confidence is really important, and that is regular pride.
Thank you, everyone.